README.md, before:

# Fun Launch

A platform for launching tokens with customizable price curves.

## Setup

1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/MeteoraAg/meteora-scaffold.git
cd templates/fun-launch
```

2. Install dependencies

```bash
pnpm install
```

3. Set up environment variables

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

4. Edit the `.env` file with your own values

```env
# .env
# Cloudflare R2 Storage
R2_ACCESS_KEY_ID=your_r2_access_key_id
R2_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=your_r2_secret_access_key
R2_ACCOUNT_ID=your_r2_account_id
R2_BUCKET=your_r2_bucket_name

# Solana RPC URL
RPC_URL=your_rpc_url

# Pool Configuration
POOL_CONFIG_KEY=your_pool_config_key
```

### Getting R2 Credentials

1. Go to [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com)
2. Navigate to R2
3. Create a new bucket or select an existing one
4. Go to "Manage R2 API Tokens"
5. Create a new API token with the following permissions:
   - Account R2 Storage: Edit
   - Bucket: Your bucket name
6. Copy the Access Key ID and Secret Access Key
7. Your Account ID can be found in the Cloudflare dashboard URL or in the Account Home page

### Getting RPC URL

1. Get your RPC URL from any of 3rd party providers

### Pool Config Key

The pool config key is used to configure the bonding curve parameters. You'll need to:

1. Deploy your own pool config on the Dynamic Bonding Curve program
2. Or use an existing pool config program
3. Get the public key of the pool config account

4. Run the development server

```bash
pnpm dev
```

## Features

- Create token pools with customizable price curves
- Upload token metadata and logos
- View token statistics and charts
- Track token transactions
- Mobile-friendly interface

## Tech Stack

- Next.js
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- Solana Web3.js
- Dynamic Bonding Curve SDK
- Cloudflare R2 for storage

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

feat: Update environment variable setup instructions in README.md

README.md, after:

# Fun Launch

A platform for launching tokens with customizable price curves.

## Setup

1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/MeteoraAg/meteora-scaffold.git
cd templates/fun-launch
```

2. Install dependencies

```bash
pnpm install
```

3. Set up environment variables

You can set environment variables in a `.env.local` file at the project root or in your hosting platform settings.

```env
# .env.local (local development)
# Cloudflare R2 Storage
R2_ACCESS_KEY_ID=your_r2_access_key_id
R2_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=your_r2_secret_access_key
R2_ACCOUNT_ID=your_r2_account_id
R2_BUCKET=your_r2_bucket_name

# Solana RPC URL
RPC_URL=your_rpc_url

# Pool Configuration
POOL_CONFIG_KEY=your_pool_config_key

# Platform Stats API
# URL to the Netlify functions endpoint for platform stats (from tknz-site)
NEXT_PUBLIC_PLATFORM_STATS_URL=https://your-site-domain.netlify.app/.netlify/functions
# (Optional) Fallback marketplace API endpoint
NEXT_PUBLIC_MARKETPLACE_URL=https://your-site-domain.netlify.app/.netlify/functions
```

### Getting R2 Credentials

1. Go to [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com)
2. Navigate to R2
3. Create a new bucket or select an existing one
4. Go to "Manage R2 API Tokens"
5. Create a new API token with the following permissions:
   - Account R2 Storage: Edit
   - Bucket: Your bucket name
6. Copy the Access Key ID and Secret Access Key
7. Your Account ID can be found in the Cloudflare dashboard URL or in the Account Home page

### Getting RPC URL

1. Get your RPC URL from any of 3rd party providers

### Pool Config Key

The pool config key is used to configure the bonding curve parameters. You'll need to:

1. Deploy your own pool config on the Dynamic Bonding Curve program
2. Or use an existing pool config program
3. Get the public key of the pool config account

4. Run the development server

```bash
pnpm dev
```

## Features

- Create token pools with customizable price curves
- Upload token metadata and logos
- View token statistics and charts
- Track token transactions
- Mobile-friendly interface

## Tech Stack

- Next.js
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- Solana Web3.js
- Dynamic Bonding Curve SDK
- Cloudflare R2 for storage

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
